(Usagi) My dearest Mamo. You'll
never guess what's been
happening over here.
We suddenly have a new addition
to our family!
The girls think she might be our
second child, but Setsuna says
that's not possible.
If that wasn't crazy enough,
two new enemies appeared! I'm
in some serious trouble!
Dearest Mamo, this is the
thirtieth letter I've written to
you.
I really hope you're doing
okay.
There's been so much going on
in my life lately.
[sighs]
[embarrassed]
Why the heck am I even thinking
about that guy, anyway? Uh?
Mamo. I really miss you.
(Usagi) "Invaders from Outer
Space: The Coming of Siren."
My Anima Mates.
Yes, Master Galaxia. We have
arrived.
(Karasuma) We are pleased to
inform you that we've conquered
roughly 80% of the galaxy.
(Aya) And our collection of true
Star Seeds is coming along
nicely.
Only this solar system and its
few neighboring stars remain.
Good work.
Once I can get my hands on every
true Star Seed...
I can finally become the
rightful ruler of the entire
galaxy!
Listen up, Sailor Aluminum
Siren!
Yes!
(Galaxia) You are to gather the
true Star Seeds that remain in
the solar system.
I will not tolerate failures
like those of your predecessor.
Right.
You can count on me, Master
Galaxia.
(Rei) Galaxia?
M-hm.
So that's the name of the
enemy's boss?
And these invaders came
from outside our solar system,
right?
Hey, wait a minute. Didn't
Haruka and Michiru say that the
Sailor Star Lights...
are intruders who came from
outside the solar system, as
well?
[gasps]
(Luna) Do you think that means
the Star Lights could also be
our enemy?
Huh?
No way! Those three can't be
bad people!
They always show up to help
when we're in trouble!
(Minako) Listen Usagi there's no
telling what their real agenda
for coming to this planet is.
I mean, let's not forget that
they're aliens, after all.
It's possible they're only
acting friendly as a cover up.
[licking]
Then, one of these days,
they're gonna abduct us into
space...
and insert some strange
device into our brains so
that they can control our minds!
You watch way too many weird
TV shows, Minako, you know
that?
But guys, I'm serious about
not thinking the Star Lights
are bad.
You mustn't let your guard
down.
[gasps] Setsuna?
There seems to be some kind of
dark energy spreading across
the entire galaxy.
(Setsuna) An evil that's robbing
the stars of their radiance.
Robbing the stars' radiance
across the galaxy?
Is that even possible?
Yes, and our solar system is
no exception to that.
So, be on high alert. I have
a feeling this enemy is unlike
any we've faced before.
Aw, man. Why is everyone
telling me to be careful?
Are the Star Lights that
sketchy? I didn't think so.
They just want you to be more
cautious because they're
worried about your well-being.
Hmph.
(Luna) Your biggest weakness is
that you're too trusting, Usagi.
Do you remember that time when
you...
(Luna) Hello? Are you listening
to me? Usagi?!
Hm?
Huh?
Here!
[giggles]
You're cute. Bye now.
Huh?
Alright, time to go home,
Luna.
Meow.
Hm? Hey, Usagi!
Hm?
I think that girl from the
park is following us.
[gasps]
(Usagi) Oh, no! What do we do?
(Luna) We should make sure she
gets back to her parents.
(Usagi) Good idea.
Let's see here.
[sighs] Hey, young lady.
Chibi?
Do you have a name? What is
it?
Chibi? Chibi!
[giggling]
[gasps] You alone?
Chibi.
Know where your mom is?
Chibi-Chibi!
Okay, where do you live?
Chibi!
This is going nowhere.
Usagi, I feel like we should
just take her to the police
station.
Yeah, I was actually thinking
the same thing.
[gasps] She disappeared!
(Usagi) What?! No way!
How'd she even do that?
(Aya) My goodness.
I guess it's true that
incompetent people are
destined to fade away.
Oh, poor little Nezu. I feel
terrible about what happened
to you.
Thinking about it
makes me hungry.
(Karasuma) What in the hell do
you think you're doing over
there?
Hm?
Oh! Hello, Sailor Lead Crow.
My name is Karasuma. So, get it
right! Don't you ever call me by
that other name in public, okay?
Oh, then, Karasuma?
What?
Care for some dried pickled
octopus?
[gasps]
(Karasuma) Why are you eating
right now?
Well...
I was told to use Nezu's old
desk, but when I got here it was
so messy and disgusting...
that I didn't want to use
it until I did some cleaning
first.
But then that made me really
hungry so...
[sighs]
How the mighty have fallen. You
and I have been competing for
the proud title...
of number one Anima Mate for
several years.
But now, you've been cast off
to this godforsaken planet.
(Karasuma) I suppose that's one
less rival for me to worry
about.
Congratulations, Karasuma!
Huh?!
You're not mocking me, are
you?!
No. But as far as I recall, I'm
the only one who got sent to
Earth.
I don't think you were required
to follow me, which means you
can leave any time.
So why are you here anyway?
If you must know!
I was worried about my rival and
came to see how she was doing
out here on her own!
Ugh. It's so upsetting to know
that my eternal rival is just
a complete ditz.
My apologies.
Anyway! You need to work on
being a lot more motivated
while you're here.
Otherwise, you'll end up getting
eliminated like Sailor Iron
Mouse!
[sighs]
Now hurry up and go look for a
target that might have a true
Star Seed!
She can be such a handful.
Oh.
[sighs] Fine then. I'll get
started after I finish eating my
lunch.
[gasps]
You're free to join me if
you'd like, Karasuma.
(Usagi) It's so hot today.
[groans]
(Luna) Where do you suppose that
little girl could have run off
to?
I'm guessing her mother
probably found her and took
her back home by now.
I hope you're right about
that.
How about we just go inside for
a little bit...
and grab something cold to drink
from the fridge, ok? I'm
exhausted. [sighs]
[gasps]
What's the matter?
There she is! That girl!
What's she doing at our
place?!
Oh, Usagi, you're home.
Mom! That girl over there!
Why's she?
How could you run off and leave
your precious little sister
alone like that?
Usagi's mean, isn't she?
Little sister?!
Why are you so surprised?
Or are you just pretending to
forget that Chibi-Chibi's your
sister?
Chibi!
What's going on here?
That's what I'm wondering.
Chibi-Chibi!
(All) Another strange
visitor?!
(Usagi) Yeah.
I mean, how could my mom give
birth to a kid that size in a
day or two.
She's super cute! I want
one, too!
You can't just say you "want
one." She's not a kitten, you
know.
Could she be Chibi-Usa's
little sister?
Maybe she was jealous of
Chibi-Usa's stories...
and decided to come to the 20th
century to see for herself.
(Ami) If I'm being honest, the
more I look at her, the more she
resembles Usagi.
If she's Chibi-Usa's little
sister...
wouldn't that also make her
Usagi and Mamoru's second child?
[gasps]
You're right. I guess it
would mean that, wouldn't it?
That's not possible.
[gasps]
Setsuna?!
I was concerned, so I followed
you to this place.
You see, as far as I'm aware,
Small Lady is Neo Queen
Serenity's only child.
Hm. Then who is she?
I feel it's best to be wary of
her.
Seriously? I mean, she's
just a little girl though.
She may be young, but it would
be foolish to blindly trust her
without knowing who she is.
[concerned]
(Ikuko) Oh dear. Chibi-Chibi?!
Where could she have gone?
[groans]
Let's all split up to help
find her!
Okay.
[sighs] She's tiny, so she
couldn't have gotten far.
(Usagi) Oh! I'm in luck!
Excuse me, officer! Huh?
Where'd you come from, little
lady?
Little lady?
Do you have a name?
Have a name?
There she is.
Hey, you! Time to go home!
Hm?
[gasps]
Bun-head?!
What are you doing out in
public dressed like that?!
(Usagi) You're acting as Police
Chief for the day?!
Yup! All part of the job of
being an idol.
Part of the job!
Not to brag, but I make a pretty
good patrol officer. See, I even
found a lost child!
See? See?
(Seiya) Come to think of it, she
kinda looks like you.
Huh?
Is she your sister?
[gasps] Well. Something like
that.
Like that!
You know the more I think
about it, she looks more like
your daughter than your sister.
[gasps]
Why're you blushing all of a
sudden? You weirdo.
You wouldn't understand, if
I told you!
What the heck's your problem?
You hiding something?
[gasps]
What, no! It's not like that.
I mean, I do have a few
secrets.
How about we promise to never
keep secrets from each other?
[scoffs]
What's wrong?
For some reason I have a
feeling...
you're keeping a lot more
secrets from me than I am from
you.
I guess, but it's probably no
more than most people have.
Just forget it.
(Ikuko) There you are
Chibi-Chibi!
Chibi!
How can I ever repay you?
Oh, it was nothing.
He's right, you know. He was
just taking a walk down the
street and happened to find her.
Wow, way to throw me under the
bus, Bun-head.
You're only mad 'cause you
know it's true.
Way to go, Seiya!
It looks like you didn't give up
being "Police Chief for a day"
even on your break, did you?
That dedication shows you've
got real police spirit!
[laughing]
Who's he?
He's the actual Police Chief.
See over there?
That man possesses a Star
Seed.
You mean the old one? Are
you sure about that?
Seriously?! Are you doubting the
help that I went out of my way
to give to my former rival?
Oh. I appreciate it, I guess.
Just go corner him and take
his Star Seed already!
Alright, I'll see you all
later. [laughing]
What're you waiting for? Now's
your chance!
Uh.
You think I should try starting
the conversation by exchanging
business cards with him?
You idiot!
[gasps]
I just remembered that the
others are probably still out
searching for Chibi-Chibi!
[groans]
(Aya) Excuse me.
Hm? Can I help you?
I would like to do a story on
you, officer.
(Usagi) [gasps] Setsuna?
What are you doing here?
I came to see if a lost child
was reported.
Where are all the others?
Apparently, there's going to be
a parade featuring the Three
Lights.
And they said Chibi-Chibi might
be there, so they went over
to...
[gasps]
[embarrassed]
[grunting]
Wait, where are you going sir?
Why are you suddenly trying to
avoid me?!
(Police Chief) Because you're
suddenly trying to follow me!
(Aya) I'm only following you
because I want to look at your
Star Seed!
How hard is that to understand?
Ah, yes, that aggressiveness.
Now that's the former rival I
know.
Whatever it is, this ain't
normal!
Is that so?
Well, if that's how you feel,
then I suppose you leave me
with no choice.
Hi!
What's going on?!
I'm only going to ask you once
more. Show me your Star
Seed!
[scared stammering]
(Police Chief) [screams]
[gasps]
[sighs]
He doesn't have a true Star
Seed. How could you lie to
my face like that?
Sorry!
Knowing that I've been lied to
makes me so sad, that I'm afraid
I've gotten hungry again.
I need to hurry home and have
dinner.
(Sailor Moon) Hold it right
there!
Hm?
Unforgivable! How dare you
attack someone who protects
the public!
I am the Pretty Guardian!
Who fights for love and for
justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
That's right. And I am
Sailor Pluto!
And in the name of the Moon,
we'll punish you!
So you're the Sailor
Guardians of this planet?
And who would you be exactly?!
Pleasure to meet you!
My name is Sailor Aluminum
Siren. Here's my business
card. [laughing]
What are you exchanging
business cards for?!
And she is?
That woman over there is my
partner.
(Karasuma) We're rivals, not
partners!
I am Anima Mates number one!
The name is Sailor Lead Crow!
And just in case you missed it
the first time, I'm Sailor
Aluminum Siren.
We'll show no mercy to our
enemies!
Dead Scream.
[grunting]
Hm? [gasps]
Oops. Were you aiming for us?
[gasps]
Today was an introduction.
We'll be sure to play with you
longer next time.
That's if you can avoid getting
put away for life by Sailor Cop
over there.
See you around!
Wait!
[gasps]
Drop your weapon and get down
on the ground!
Oh no! That's the Police
Chief!
Look what they turned him
into.
This is one of those Phages
I've been hearing about?
I said drop your weapon!
[screams]
I am the law here, got it?!
Star Serious Laser!
[grunts]
What the?
You wouldn't point your gun at
law-abiding citizens if you
were a true man of the law.
You're unfit to be a police
officer.
You should turn in your badge.
We are the Sailor Star Lights!
Stage on!
Those three. They're the
Sailor Star Lights?
Sailor Moon! Go! Now's your
chance!
Hm.
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[wincing] Beautiful!
It appears that two new enemies
have entered the picture, Sailor
Moon.
And they're formidable, so
be careful.
(Sailor Star Healer) You're the
only ones who can protect this
planet, after all.
(Usagi) My Dearest Mamo.
So much has happened here
since you left to study in
America. Like, even today.
[sighs]
Even today, a new enemy
appeared and...
[groans]
My dearest Mamo.
As of today, we have a new
member of our family. Her name
is Chibi-Chibi.
[groans] No, no, no, no, no!
[sighs] He's gonna worry
if he reads about things like
that.
Oh, Mamo. With everything that's
going on, my head is ready to
explode.
Huh?
Oh, you're awake.
What's the matter? Did
you wet the bed or something?
[timid]
[chuckles] Wanna sleep
with me?
[gasps]
I still don't know who this
child is, but it doesn't seem
like she's dangerous.
If anything, she's adorable, so
I don't mind her being around.
Good night, Chibi-Chibi.
When I dream tonight. I hope
the dream is about you, Mamo.
(Usagi) Summer vacation's
finally here! And we're going
camping at a beautiful lake!
(Rei) By the way, I've heard
that this place is haunted.
(Usagi) Yeah?
(Rei) Wait, that doesn't scare
you?
(Usagi) Nope! I'm way more
afraid of you than I am of
ghosts, Rei!
When you get angry, your
mouth opens from ear-to-ear like
some kind of crazy snake lady!
(Rei) [hiss]
(Usagi) Next time on Sailor
Stars, "The Screaming Dead:
Terror of the Camp Monster."
The moonlight is a messenger
of love.